I want to introduce you to one last former element and it's actually not an input with a type as we've
described before it's a little bit different but the idea is still the same.
So let's add cars here and we want this to be a drop down menu again something that we see very often
and form fields.
However unlike an input tag we have to do a select tag means a closing select tag as well and within
here we can put in our options.
So the option will be will have a value of Volvo Nabucco and we'll say Volvo because we want that actually
printed to the screen and again we have to close that tag we'll add
Audie
and we'll close that tag as well and we can keep adding them.
But for now just two is fine.
If I save this and I refresh we have cars let's add a brake here
just so it looks nicer.
There you go.
And here now we have a drop down menu.
Let's say you want to extend this or you want to see what kind of properties you can put with select
the way you go about it.
As you know we've done this before we type in H2 email select tag and actually Google gives you a nice
little info page over here with attributes so you can see over here we can use multiple which is specifies
that a multiple options can be selected at once.
So let's do that.
Let's.
Let's minimize this.
Perfect.
And within select we'll put multiple we refresh and we can actually select multiple elements but that
doesn't look that pretty so I'm going to take that out and refresh.
I actually realized that we forgot one important input type so I'm going to throw it in there as a bonus.
And as you know with any registration form we want a password.
So let's add that right after the email
will do and put type and yes there is a password type that we can add and this password type will have
another achieve you that's kind of cool and that is men which is how many the minimum characters that
a password needs gas.
So let's save that refresh and let's add a break here.
So it looks pretty refresh.
And now the password field look at that.
It acts like a password field.
All right.
Let's submit this form and see what hap.